enjoy this the fourth installment of now
in future champions as we continue with
the final heat of the 1973 Hamiltonian
one by Fleur
in the paddock between heats winning
driver Ralph Baldwin seemed assured and
relaxed Jean regal puzzled over RT Alma
Hurst's problems
Joel O'Brien rested the Trotters cooled
out
and Bill Hutton appeared perturbed
fleurs owner Elbridge Gerry was asked
when he knew he had a hamiltonian horse
well if you'd asked me when I left
Florida in April if we were going to
start it and then I will tell you that
all I could have said was hope
I think Ralph really began to figure out
a real horse
Vernon around the middle of July then
the field returned to battle
here they come
they're off and running driving out fast
honey summer roads coming from across
the track after the lead flirt down
along the inside tightly way his third
Lorinda trotting in both around the turn
south been built Doble Jade is six feta
sole is seventh and off stride now as
Fairmont Hannover moves up the b7
Keystone Lord is a Imperial Yankee ninth
placate his 10th and Arne Alma Hearst is
11th piling past to the quarter Clarinda
going up after the lead
it is Florinda taking the lead from
honeysuckle rose at the quarter and 28
in the fifth floor in the trotting fast
when he sucked a rose second and the two
fillies in the Hamiltonian are now one
and two in the big field honeysuckle
rose dries out of second for vernon
dancer pump on the outside to regain the
lead it's honeysuckle rose taking that
lead Clarinda is second flirt this third
two legs back and racing fourth night
leeway honeysuckle rose least away but
flirt this out of third and driving
honeysuckle rose to leader flirt up on
the outside as they passed a half in 58
and three and work goes to the front
with Mike Dee way moving right along
Clerk is the leader Knightly way his
second honeysuckle rose his third four
in the fourth South Bend is fifth noble
Jade sixth Fairmont Hanover 7th Keystone
Lord is eighth placate is 9th McArthur
10th as they round the turn coming to
the 3/4 mile mark
Murph is the leader Knightly way up on
the outside challenging as they move to
the 3/4 it is first showing away night
the
is second down along the inside
honeysuckle rose is third
southbend driving up on the outside and
bought into the stretch they come
worth is the leader honeysuckle rose
coming on now is South Bend grabbing on
the outside and an extremist side noble
Jade trotting very fast to the lane but
birth is going away it is worth by order
half lengths and noble Jade clothes
some friends
in two weeks this Milan 157 and a fifth
Ralph Baldwin the master trainer of
trotters had done it again not only did
he send out his third Hamiltonian winner
but he did it this time with a Trotter
that had not raced as a two-year-old an
accomplishment matched only twice in the
48 year history of the classic race and
so into the coins cherished Victory Lane
went flirt and baldwin for the
traditional post race interview
the governor's trophy presentation
the products of the cloud
and the praise of gamble Tony and host
Bill Hayes
you